Cleanup logs (#221)
LedgerHQ/ragger: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Added --pki_prod option that can be forwarded to Speculos upon usage
## [1.28.0] - 2025-03-04

> ### Changed

Author: It is only declared in the CHANGELOG, but not published. It is "in the next 1.28.0", so I put my modification here also to be integrated in the same next version published

> ### Changed

Reviewer: Yes of course it can be in the not already deployed version!
I was just highlighting that it was declared twice.

> - Use --Verbose option to increase verbosity. Default behavior is to remove timestamps and useless logs. The option is forwarded to speculos.

Reviewer: If it's a default behavior it's hard to say it removes anything because we won't know to what it's compared to.  

```suggestion
- Use `--Verbose` option to increase `pytest` verbosity. It add log timestamps, some test-specific logs, and the verbose option is forwarded to Speculos.
```
